All right.
So we want to be able to change both dice images when we click on any one of the buttons. In order to
do this,
we need both the rightDiceNumber and the leftDiceNumber to update when we click on any one of these
flat buttons.
The simple solution is to generate a new number for our leftDiceNumber and rightDiceNumber whenever
any of these buttons are pressed.
All we need to do is simply copy the behavior that we have for the rightDiceNumber over here, and we'll
copy that line of code for the leftDiceNumber down here.
So now whenever either of the buttons are pressed, we update the leftDiceNumber to a new random number.
We update the rightDiceNumber into a new random number, and we call set state on that to update the
image on both of these places.
Now when set state gets called, it sees that leftDiceNumber is used here
and rightDiceNumber is used here.
And it will redraw both of these images.
So let's give that a go.
Let's hit save.
And now when I click on the left side, the right side also changes. When I click on the right side, the
left side also changes.
Perfect.
That's exactly what we wanted. Now in this last challenge for Dicee,
I want you to use what you learned about functions or what you already know about functions, to remove
all of our repeated code because you can see we've got a lot of code that looks the same,
right?
How can you remove that and put it into a function so that you call the function instead when the buttons
get pressed?
So we don't have all of this code that looks identical to each other.
Pause the video and I'll share the solution with you in the next lesson.